I know you?
Yes, I Am The Other Dimension
Which would explain your incredible charm
And you too my dear
So I and would you be exactly the same?
I think so
Do You Want A Plum Pudding?
Blah, it's disgusting!
Is It Just A Test And The Crunchy?
Uh, I'm Greedy! Me too!
Save Things? Yes, Every Coin!
You Can't Know Who Conquers The Planet!
I Never Have Company
And I Live For The Phobia
But not because of the distributors!
And finally here
Someone identical to me
The right friend for me is me!
I looked Taller!
I'm a bit humped!
I Miss An Eye But O Am I wrong?
The Preserved!
Ah, you know I can't help but notice that the stubble machine passes over the blindfold!
So?
Anything
The Lamas is Absurd Yes, because it spits the Egip!
No, I said Lorenzo O Sure! Making Meap!
Now I know everything about you and you know everything about me
And I Discovered That You Are
The Friend I Want
The right friend for me is me!
Now there you are
And We Will Form A Well-said Duo!
If Double Doom
On TV Tomorrow!
What does it mean? Do We Make A Television Program Together?
Oh No, but it seemed to me that ... I want to say we could, we should!
Maybe We Are Not Exactly THE SAME!
It could be our luck! You Make The Grumpy!